How to convert a NN model from TensorFlow Lite to CoreML (#90)
xmartlabs/blog: _posts/2019-11-12-TFlite-to-CoreML.md

---
layout: post
title: "How to convert a NN model from TFlite to CoreML"
date: 2019-11-12 10:00:00
author: Mathias Claassen
categories: machine learning, tflite, coreml, xmartlabs
author_id: mathias
featured_position: 1
---

> It's been over a year ago that Apple has introduced Create ML, a framework that allows building neural network models in Swift and use them in CoreML on iPhones or iPads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's been over a year since Apple has introduced Create ML, a framework that allows you to build neural network models in Swift and use them on iPhones and iPads with Core ML.
```

Apple officially supports [coremltools](https://github.com/apple/coremltools) which allows converting some model formats like Keras, Caffe (v1) and TensorFlow (since version 3.0).

However, not all model formats can be converted so easily to CoreML.
For example, there is no library that supports converting a TensorFlow Lite model.
While this is not needed when you train your own model in TensorFlow, it can be helpful if you want to do performance comparisons between different on-device frameworks or if you want to run a recently published research model in CoreML and you only have the model in TF Lite format, to name a few examples.

TensorFlow Lite is used to deploy TensorFlow models on mobile or embedded devices but not for training them.
Once converted to TF Lite, a model cannot be converted back to a TensorFlow model but we can see its architecture and export its weights and then reimplement the network graph in TensorFlow using the exported weights. We can then use `coremltools` or [tfcoreml](https://github.com/tf-coreml/tf-coreml) to convert it to CoreML.
That is what we are going to do in this tutorial.

> We will use a MNIST model from the [TF Lite examples](https://github.com/tensorflow/examples/tree/master/lite) repository.

Reviewer: What about briefly saying what MNIST is about?

Reviewer: Btw, what is the audience? I guess technical people for sure. But, ML practitioners? Mobile developers? iOS developers? People that know at least some Machine Learning? Cause if you want to reach people without ML background you may want to explain more some things such as what's MNIST and why using this model and so on. Only if that's the case.

Author: Audience will be mainly people trying to run ML models on mobile. They should have some idea about ML but it might not be much. You are right that I should explain what MNIST is.

Author: ... MNIST is a handwritten digit database. So the task this model tries to perform is to recognise handwritten digits which can be done fairly well with a relatively small model.

## Inspecting the model 

The first thing we should do is to inspect the model to see its layers.
One great tool to do this is [Netron](https://github.com/lutzroeder/netron).
With Netron you can see the graph and even export the weights of a model.
If you install Netron you can just open any `.tflite` file by clicking it.
With the MNIST model we get the following:

> <img width="80%" src="/images/tflite_coreml/tflite-netron.png" /> 

Reviewer: Can you enlarge the image a bit? I can barely read its content.

<br />

There we can see that this simple model has the following layers:
* A Flatten layer which serves as input
* A FullyConnected, or Dense, layer with Relu activation function
* Another FullyConnected layer without activation function
* A Softmax layer

We can also print each node in the graph of the model using the following snippet:

```python
import tensorflow as tf
# Load TFLite model and allocate tensors.
interpreter = tf.lite.Interpreter(model_path="mnist.tflite")
interpreter.allocate_tensors()

# Get output tensor details.
output_details = interpreter.get_output_details()

num_layer = output_details[0]["index"] + 1 
for i in range(num_layer):
    detail = interpreter._get_tensor_details(i)
    print(i, detail['name'], detail['shape'])
```

> > In case `num_layer` is not actually the number of layers you can just use any big enough number for it.

Reviewer: What happens if the number is larger?

Author: It will crash 😄. But that is fine in this context

Reviewer: Why is it fine?

Author: You are trying to print info for all layers. This is run to get to know the model. If you use range(1000) and only have 17 layers then it will show details for all layers and then give an `index out of range`, but you have all the data you need.

Reviewer: Oh, I see. Can you clarify this?

Doesn't `interpreter.get_input_details()` gives you all?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> `num_layer` is the number of layers to fetch. If the input is higher than the total number of layers it will return all.
```

Author: > Doesn't interpreter.get_input_details() gives you all?
Yes but not in readable format.
But I could loop through that

## Exporting the weights

As said before, Netron also allows us to export the weights of these layers. 
You can do that with your model but in this guide we are going to export them differently.

To export the weights we are going to use the `get_tensor` function of the `tf.lite.Interpreter`. This function cannot be used to get intermediate results of a graph but it can be used to get parameters such as weights and biases as well as the outputs of the model.

Using the code snippet in the previous section we get the indexes of the parameters we have to export:

> ```

Reviewer: Can you show this output right after the code snippet before maybe?

0 Identity [ 1 10]
1 flatten_2_input [ 1 28 28]
2 sequential_2/dense_4/MatMul/ReadVariableOp/transpose [128 784]
3 sequential_2/dense_4/MatMul_bias [128]
4 sequential_2/dense_4/Relu [  1 128]
5 sequential_2/dense_5/BiasAdd [ 1 10]
6 sequential_2/dense_5/MatMul/ReadVariableOp/transpose [ 10 128]
7 sequential_2/dense_5/MatMul_bias [10]
```

We can now create a function to get them from the interpreter:

```python
def get_variable(interpreter, index, transposed=False):
    var = interpreter.get_tensor(index)
    if transposed:
        var = np.transpose(var, (1, 0))    
    return var
```

> Fully connected weights must be transposed. That might also be necessary for convolution weights, for example.

## Building the model

We have to reimplement the model in TensorFlow, unless we have the code that produced the model.
In our case it is a pretty simple model which we can rebuild easily. However first we will implement the dense layer which we will use later:

```python

> def dense(params):

Reviewer: Isn't there an already implemented dense layer in TF you can use? And that you can pass/modify the weights.

Reviewer: You could even tell the activation probably.

Author: Yes but the dense layers in TF only accept weight initializers and not as value. I tried a long time to get those initializers to work with a constant value but the results were always different to the original model

Reviewer: I see. That's weird. That'd be nice to have to make it simpler but not strictly necessary.

    X = params[0]
    W = params[1]

>     b = params[2]

Reviewer: I think `X, W, b = params` is more elegant :smile:

Author: Nice catch

>     return tf.add(tf.matmul(X, W), b)

Reviewer: can't you just do `X * W + b` here? or `X @ W + b`

(I'm not sure, just asking)

Author: I don't know. Do you think it would be better?

```

> We use only one parameter to be able to use this function in a `Lambda` layer

> And now we build our model:

Reviewer: You're using TF 2, right? I'd clarify it.

Author: Where should I clarify it? I use TF 2 for all but the last part

Reviewer: I don't know, at the beginning?

```python
import tensorflow as tf
from tensorflow.python.keras.layers import Lambda

# ...

> def network(input_shape, interpreter):

Reviewer: What about?

```suggestion
def model(input_shape, interpreter):
```

Author: `build_model`?

>     

Reviewer: remove this empty line so it's more compact.

    W1 = get_variable(interpreter, 2, transposed=True)
    b1 = get_variable(interpreter, 3)
    W2 = get_variable(interpreter, 6, transposed=True)
    b2 = get_variable(interpreter, 7)

    inputs = tf.keras.layers.Input(shape=input_shape)
    
    # Flatten layer
    x_0 = tf.keras.layers.Flatten()(inputs)

    # First fully connected with relu
    x_1 = Lambda(dense)((x_0, W1, b1))
    x_1relu = tf.nn.relu(x_1)

    # second fully connected
    x_2 = Lambda(dense)((x_1relu, W2, b2))

    # Finally the softmax
    x_softmax = tf.keras.activations.softmax(x_2)
    

>     model = tf.keras.models.Model(inputs=inputs, outputs=[x_softmax])

Reviewer: I'd just return here, so it's shorter and then more elegant?

    
    return model
```

> ### Debugging your model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Testing and Debugging your Model
```

> Constructing the same model as the one used in the TF Lite model is not always straightforward. 

Reviewer: In this paragraph, I'd say that you want to test it to make sure it works fine but also that is hard to find the bugs. So the difference is that I'd start saying that you want to make sure it's fine (testing), then that debugging is hard and then how to do it.

Sometimes you won't know why your implementation does not return the same result as the original.
For such cases it is helpful to check layer by layer that your model gives the same output as the original to know where to search for the bug.
Getting intermediate outputs from a TensorFlow model is not difficult: you only need to return said node as an output of the model.
The same does not happen to a TFLite model. You can't get intermediate outputs using the `get_tensor()` method. 

> What I used to debug the model and get to a working version is this [tflite_tensor_outputter](https://github.com/raymond-li/tflite_tensor_outputter) script.

Reviewer: Maybe you can show how to use it?

        graph_io.write_graph(graphdef_frozen, ".", FROZEN_MODEL_FILE, as_text=False)

# Load TFLite model and allocate tensors.
interpreter = tf.lite.Interpreter(model_path="mnist.tflite")
interpreter.allocate_tensors()

input_shape = [28, 28, 1]
model = network(input_shape, interpreter)

# FREEZE GRAPH
session = tf.keras.backend.get_session()

INPUT_NODE = model.inputs[0].op.name
OUTPUT_NODE = model.outputs[0].op.name
freeze_graph(session.graph, session, [out.op.name for out in model.outputs])
```

The output is a frozen `.pb` file which we can finally convert to CoreML

> Note: Both the snippet above and the one below must be run on TensorFlow 1.x (1.14 in my case)

```python
tf_converter.convert(tf_model_path=FROZEN_MODEL_FILE,
                     mlmodel_path=OUTPUT_FILE,
                     output_feature_names=['Softmax:0'],
                     input_name_shape_dict={'input_1:0': [1, 28, 28, 1]},
                     image_input_names=['input_1:0'],
                     image_scale=1.0/255.0,
                     class_labels=["0", "1", "2", "3", "4", "5", "6", "7", "8", "9"])
```

> And that is it. We have a CoreML model!

Reviewer: I know this takes some effort, but what if at the beginning you show the model running (maybe some script, some input and example output) and at the end you show some example of the model running on device (maybe not providing code because it's too much but pointing the reader where to read about using a Core ML model??

I believe that showing some visualizations (input and output examples, or some GIFs for the model running, maybe for the camera or some case that works fine if that's a problem) can make this blog post really cool.

Author: I have the Examples project from TF Lite which has an example for this model using the TF Lite version. Do you think it is OK to record a GIF from that project using the CoreML model?

As for showing the model running in the beginning of the post: is it necessary if at the end you show that you get a working model in CoreML?

Reviewer: > I have the Examples project from TF Lite which has an example for this model using the TF Lite version. Do you think it is OK to record a GIF from that project using the CoreML model?

As long as the outcome is supposed to be the same, yeah.

> As for showing the model running in the beginning of the post: is it necessary if at the end you show that you get a working model in CoreML?

Maybe not the model running at the beginning but showing an example image and the expected outcome. Otherwise, it seems like a too high-level explanation of what MNIST is and the blog post. Maybe even one image that the actual model doesn't work well with (e.g., a hand-written character not in grayscale), but a good one is expected to, just for the sake of understanding the idea.

Reviewer: Also, what about adding some extra motivation at the beginning, like saying what if you want to solve X problem on mobile (some interesting and common tasks; e.g., detecting faces, making effects on top of the body of people; maybe linking some other web page as a reference of a task? Just saying :man_shrugging:)

Author: I think the introduction is already quite long. People finding this post would want to know how to do the conversion because they already have a model they want to convert, I think.

## Conclusion

Some takeaways from this post:
* TensorFlow Lite models have to be converted manually to CoreML but that can be done, specially when you already have some code that produces the same architecture.
* Converting a model to CoreML can be tricky in some cases.
* Sometimes you must use a different layer or function for the conversion to be successful.

> 

Reviewer: Maybe it'd be cool to add some action items to this blog post. Where do we go from here? Where to learn more? Maybe also like "if you are working on ML on mobile, contact us" or something like that.

---
layout: post
title: "How to convert a NN model from TensorFlow Lite to CoreML"
date: 2019-11-12 10:00:00
author: Mathias Claassen
categories: machine learning, tflite, coreml, xmartlabs
author_id: mathias
featured_position: 1
featured_image: /images/tflite_coreml/featured.png
---

> It's been over a year since Apple has introduced Create ML, a framework that allows you to build neural network models in Swift and use them on iPhones and iPads with Core ML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's been over a year since Apple has introduced [Create ML](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/createml), a framework that allows you to build neural network models in Swift and use them on iPhones and iPads with Core ML.
```

However, the most common way of getting a CoreML model is still by converting a model trained on TensorFlow, Keras, Pytorch or other ML frameworks. 
Apple officially supports [coremltools](https://github.com/apple/coremltools) which allows converting some model formats like Keras, Caffe (v1) and TensorFlow (since version 3.0).

> Unfortunately, not all model formats can be converted so easily to CoreML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unfortunately, not all model formats can be converted so easily to Core ML.
```

and for all occurrences.

For example, there is no library that supports converting a TensorFlow Lite model.
While this is not required when you train your own model in TensorFlow, it can be helpful if you want to do performance comparisons between different on-device frameworks, or if you want to run a recently published research model in CoreML and you only have the model in TF Lite format.

> TensorFlow Lite is used to deploy TensorFlow models on mobile or embedded devices but not for training them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TensorFlow Lite is used to deploying and running TensorFlow models on mobile or embedded devices but not for training them.
```

Author: I do not think this is correct. It is written as if `TF Lite` was a person

> Once converted to TF Lite, a model cannot be converted back to a TensorFlow model but we can inspect its architecture and export its weights in order to reimplement the network graph in TensorFlow. We can then use `coremltools` or [tfcoreml](https://github.com/tf-coreml/tf-coreml) to convert it to CoreML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once converted to TF Lite, a model cannot be converted back to a TensorFlow model but we can inspect its architecture and export its weights in order to reimplement the network graph in TensorFlow. We can then use [coremltools](https://github.com/apple/coremltools) or [tfcoreml](https://github.com/tf-coreml/tf-coreml) to convert it to CoreML.
```

I know it was already linked before, but code fences seem a bit awkward here to me and bare text for a new concept as well, so maybe linking it again it's the best IMHO.

This is what we are going to accomplish in this tutorial.

> We will use a MNIST model from the [TF Lite examples](https://github.com/tensorflow/examples/tree/master/lite) repository. MNIST is a handwritten digit database. So the task this model tries to perform is to recognise handwritten digits which can be done fairly well with a relatively small model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will use an MNIST model from the [TF Lite examples](https://github.com/tensorflow/examples/tree/master/lite) repository. [MNIST](http://yann.lecun.com/exdb/mnist/) is a handwritten digit database. So the task this model tries to perform is to recognize handwritten digits, which can be done fairly well with a relatively small model.
```

So for example, for the following image, we want our model to predict "0":

<img width="100px" src="/images/tflite_coreml/zero.png" /> 

## Inspecting the model 

The first thing we should do is to inspect the model to see its layers.
One great tool to do this is [Netron](https://github.com/lutzroeder/netron).
With Netron you can see the model's graph and even export its weights.
With the MNIST model we get the following:

<img width="100%" src="/images/tflite_coreml/tflite-netron.png" /> 
<br />

There we can see that this simple model has the following layers:
* A Flatten layer which serves as input
* A FullyConnected, or Dense, layer with ReLU activation function
* Another FullyConnected layer without activation function
* A Softmax layer

We can also print each node in the graph of the model using the following snippet:

```python
import tensorflow as tf
# Load TFLite model and allocate tensors.
interpreter = tf.lite.Interpreter(model_path="mnist.tflite")
interpreter.allocate_tensors()

# Get tensor details.
details = interpreter.get_tensor_details()

for detail in details:

>     print(detail['index'], detail['name'], detail['shape'])

Reviewer: I'd just do:

```python
# Get tensor details.
for detail in interpreter.get_tensor_details():
```

for more simplicity :smile:

Sometimes you won't know why your implementation does not return the same result as the original, and it is not easy to debug errors in this context.
For such cases it is helpful to check layer by layer that your model gives the same output as the original to know where to search for the bug.
Getting intermediate outputs from a TensorFlow model is not difficult: you only need to return said node as an output of the model.

The same does not happen to a TFLite model. You can't get intermediate outputs using the `get_tensor()` method. 
What I used to debug the model and get to a working version is this [tflite_tensor_outputter](https://github.com/raymond-li/tflite_tensor_outputter) script.
This script will generate a folder with details and outputs of each intermediate node in the graph by changing the output node index in the graph.
You can use it like this:

```bash
python tflite_tensor_outputter.py --image input/dog.jpg \
    --model_file mnist.tflite \
    --label_file labels.txt \
    --output_dir output/
```

## Converting the model

We now have the model but we still need to convert it.

> We will use `tfcoreml` to convert our TensorFlow model. 

Reviewer: I wouldn't put a code fence here, but :man_shrugging:

The `convert` method supports a path to a `SavedModel` but only when specifying a minimum iOS target of '13'. 
Nevertheless, it did not work for me using SavedModel so I had to freeze the TensorFlow graph and then convert it.

> ### Freeze the graph

Reviewer: US (English?) style, in general, is to capitalize on each word in a title, except for some stop words (e.g., "the"). I'd do that.

        graph_io.write_graph(graphdef_frozen, ".", FROZEN_MODEL_FILE, as_text=False)

# Load TFLite model and allocate tensors.
interpreter = tf.lite.Interpreter(model_path="mnist.tflite")
interpreter.allocate_tensors()

input_shape = [28, 28, 1]
model = network(input_shape, interpreter)

# FREEZE GRAPH
session = tf.keras.backend.get_session()

INPUT_NODE = model.inputs[0].op.name
OUTPUT_NODE = model.outputs[0].op.name
freeze_graph(session.graph, session, [out.op.name for out in model.outputs])
```

The output is a frozen `.pb` file which we can finally convert to CoreML

> Note: Both the snippet above and the one below must be run on TensorFlow 1.x (1.14 in my case)

```python
tf_converter.convert(tf_model_path=FROZEN_MODEL_FILE,
                     mlmodel_path=OUTPUT_FILE,
                     output_feature_names=['Softmax:0'],
                     input_name_shape_dict={'input_1:0': [1, 28, 28, 1]},
                     image_input_names=['input_1:0'],
                     image_scale=1.0/255.0,
                     class_labels=["0", "1", "2", "3", "4", "5", "6", "7", "8", "9"])
```

> And that is it. We have a CoreML model!

Reviewer: I'd use contractions everywhere possible. Otherwise, the text sounds too formal to me.

TensorFlow Lite is used to deploy TensorFlow models on mobile or embedded devices but not for training them.
Once converted to TF Lite, a model cannot be converted back to a TensorFlow model but we can see its architecture and export its weights and then reimplement the network graph in TensorFlow using the exported weights. We can then use `coremltools` or [tfcoreml](https://github.com/tf-coreml/tf-coreml) to convert it to CoreML.
That is what we are going to do in this tutorial.

We will use a MNIST model from the [TF Lite examples](https://github.com/tensorflow/examples/tree/master/lite) repository. MNIST is a handwritten digit database. So the task this model tries to perform is to recognise handwritten digits which can be done fairly well with a relatively small model.

So for example, for the following image, we want our model to predict "0":

<img width="100px" src="/images/tflite_coreml/zero.png" /> 

## Inspecting the model 

The first thing we should do is to inspect the model to see its layers.
One great tool to do this is [Netron](https://github.com/lutzroeder/netron).

> With Netron you can see the graph and even export the weights of a model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With Netron you can see the model's graph and even export its weights.
```

> If you install Netron you can just open any `.tflite` file by clicking it.

Reviewer 2: Is this line necessary? I feel its inclusion doesn't bring up much

With the MNIST model we get the following:

<img width="100%" src="/images/tflite_coreml/tflite-netron.png" /> 
<br />

There we can see that this simple model has the following layers:
* A Flatten layer which serves as input

> * A FullyConnected, or Dense, layer with Relu activation function

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* A FullyConnected, or Dense, layer with ReLU activation function
```

* Another FullyConnected layer without activation function
* A Softmax layer

We can also print each node in the graph of the model using the following snippet:

```python
import tensorflow as tf
# Load TFLite model and allocate tensors.
interpreter = tf.lite.Interpreter(model_path="mnist.tflite")
interpreter.allocate_tensors()

# Get output tensor details.
output_details = interpreter.get_output_details()

num_layer = output_details[0]["index"] + 1 
for i in range(num_layer):
    detail = interpreter._get_tensor_details(i)
    print(i, detail['name'], detail['shape'])
```

> In case `num_layer` is not actually the number of layers you can just use any big enough number for it.

Using this snippet we get the following output for our model:

```
0 Identity [ 1 10]
1 flatten_2_input [ 1 28 28]
2 sequential_2/dense_4/MatMul/ReadVariableOp/transpose [128 784]
3 sequential_2/dense_4/MatMul_bias [128]
4 sequential_2/dense_4/Relu [  1 128]
5 sequential_2/dense_5/BiasAdd [ 1 10]
6 sequential_2/dense_5/MatMul/ReadVariableOp/transpose [ 10 128]
7 sequential_2/dense_5/MatMul_bias [10]
```

## Exporting the weights

As said before, Netron also allows us to export the weights of these layers. 

> You can do that with your model but in this guide we are going to export them differently.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, on this guide, we are going to export them differently.
```

To export the weights we are going to use the `get_tensor` function of the `tf.lite.Interpreter`. This function cannot be used to get intermediate results of a graph but it can be used to get parameters such as weights and biases as well as the outputs of the model.

> Using the code snippet in the previous section we get the indexes of the parameters we have to export.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using the code snippet in the previous section we retrieve the indexes of the parameters we have to export.
```

We can now create a function to extract them from the interpreter:

```python
def get_variable(interpreter, index, transposed=False):
    var = interpreter.get_tensor(index)
    if transposed:
        var = np.transpose(var, (1, 0))    
    return var
```

> > Fully connected weights must be transposed. That might also be necessary for convolution weights, for example.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Fully connected weights must be transposed. That might also be necessary for convolution weights.
```

## Building the model

> We have to reimplement the model in TensorFlow, unless we have the code that produced the model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unless we have the original code that produced the model. We must reimplement it in TensorFlow.
```

> In our case it is a pretty simple model which we can rebuild easily. However first we will implement the dense layer which we will use later:

Reviewer 2: I didn't understand what the "However" was referring to.
```suggestion
In our case, it is a pretty simple model that we can rebuild easily. First, we will implement the dense layer (which we will use later):
```

    # second fully connected
    x_2 = Lambda(dense)((x_1relu, W2, b2))

    # Finally the softmax
    x_softmax = tf.keras.activations.softmax(x_2)
    
    return tf.keras.models.Model(inputs=inputs, outputs=[x_softmax])
```

### Testing and Debugging your Model

At this point we should test that our model gives the same output as the original so that we know our implementation is correct.
Constructing the same model as the one used in the TF Lite model is not always straightforward. 
Sometimes you won't know why your implementation does not return the same result as the original, and it is not easy to debug errors in this context.
For such cases it is helpful to check layer by layer that your model gives the same output as the original to know where to search for the bug.
Getting intermediate outputs from a TensorFlow model is not difficult: you only need to return said node as an output of the model.
The same does not happen to a TFLite model. You can't get intermediate outputs using the `get_tensor()` method. 
What I used to debug the model and get to a working version is this [tflite_tensor_outputter](https://github.com/raymond-li/tflite_tensor_outputter) script.

> This script will generate a folder with details and outputs of each intermediate node in the graph by changing the output node index in the graph.

Reviewer 2: This paragraph is too big to follow. I'd considering changing it to:

> At this point we should test that our model gives the same output as the original so that we know our implementation is correct.
> Constructing the same model as the one used in the TF Lite model is not always straightforward. 
> 
> Sometimes you won't know why your implementation does not return the same result as the original, and it is not easy to debug errors in this context.
> For such cases it is helpful to check layer by layer that your model gives the same output as the original to know where to search for the bug.
> Getting intermediate outputs from a TensorFlow model is not difficult: you only need to return said node as an output of the model.
>
> The same does not happen to a TFLite model. You can't get intermediate outputs using the `get_tensor()` method. 
> What I used to debug the model and get to a working version is this [tflite_tensor_outputter](https://github.com/raymond-li/tflite_tensor_outputter) script.
> This script will generate a folder with details and outputs of each intermediate node in the graph by changing the output node index in the graph.

> 

Reviewer 2: Maybe remove this line break so it's clearer that this snippet refers to the TFlite script that you talk on the last paragraph

You can use it like this:

```
python tflite_tensor_outputter.py --image input/dog.jpg \
    --model_file mnist.tflite \
    --label_file labels.txt \
    --output_dir output/
```

## Converting the model

We now have the model but we still need to convert it.
We will use `tfcoreml` to convert our TensorFlow model. 
The `convert` method supports a path to a `SavedModel` but only when specifying a minimum iOS target of '13'. 

> Anyway it did not work for me using SavedModel so I had to freeze the TensorFlow graph and then convert it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Nevertheless, it did not work for me using SavedModel so I had to freeze the TensorFlow graph and then convert it.
```

### Freeze the graph

> To freeze a model you can use the `freeze_graph` utility from `tensorflow.python.tools`, but again it did not work for this model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To freeze a model you can use the `freeze_graph` utility from `tensorflow.python.tools`, but again this also didn't work for this model.
```

> You can also freeze the model using this snippet:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also freeze the model using the following snippet:
```
